Allright.
I think...
There's like um... classical music is European. Yeah it's okay.
I think um... Brazilian music is secretly really good.
I listen to it. I think like, You know samba?
And there's like... Yeah bossa nova and there's also choro with on a...
guitar. There are so many good guitarists in Brazil.
Yeah, it is. Yeah, It's creative.
And also lot's of um... There's lots of these like
Japanese artists that took from Brazilian music
There's like the instruments and stuff
And lots of those artists have really interesting music.
like this one guy. His, his
like Japanese jazz fusion but he's also uses like all these Brazilian instruments.
And stuff.
trees...
Is it the one that makes that weird sound? Like that monkey sound whatever?
Yeah, It's like hoo hoo hoo...
Yeah.
That one's, that's fun
como estas
Is it like a, like a pie or something?
Not really, but... I know, I know about it. I've like heard some of it but
I don't really listen to it.
It's too much like
It use like um...
I don't know, maybe the kind that I'm thinking about. They use lots of auto-tune kind of stuff.
There's like a difference, like genre.
They like kind of don't stop the note. They just keep it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.